[Pages guides] Hugo improvements + retitle for easier alpha (#14645)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-hugo-site.md

## Install Hugo

Install the Hugo CLI, using the specific instructions for your operating system.

{{<tabs labels="MacOS | Windows | Linux">}}
{{<tab label="macos" default="true">}}

If you use the package manager [Homebrew](https://brew.sh), run the `brew install` command in your terminal to install Hugo:

```sh
$ brew install hugo
```

{{</tab>}}
{{<tab label="windows">}}

If you use the package manager [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/), run the `choco install` command in your terminal to install Hugo:

```sh
$ choco install hugo --confirm
```

If you use the package manager [Scoop](https://scoop.sh/), run the `scoop install` command in your terminal to install Hugo:

```sh
$ scoop install hugo
```

{{</tab>}}
{{<tab label="linux">}}

> Your Linux distro's package manager may include Hugo. If this is the case, install it directly using your distro's package manager -- for instance, in Ubuntu, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package manager for your Linux distribution may include Hugo. If this is the case, install Hugo directly using the distribution's package manager — for instance, in Ubuntu, run the following command:
```

$ hugo new site my-hugo-site
```

> Hugo sites use themes to customize the look and feel of the statically built HTML site. There are a number of themes available at [themes.gohugo.io](https://themes.gohugo.io) -- for now, use the [Ananake theme](https://themes.gohugo.io/themes/gohugo-theme-ananke/) by running the following commands in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hugo sites use themes to customize the look and feel of the statically built HTML site. There are a number of themes available at [themes.gohugo.io](https://themes.gohugo.io) — for now, use the [Ananake theme](https://themes.gohugo.io/themes/gohugo-theme-ananke/) by running the following commands in your terminal:
```
